README.md, before:

# SWDB_2022
![SWDB_2022](/resources/cropped-SummerWorkshop_Header.png)

This is the repository for the course materials for the 2022 Summer Workshop on the Dynamic Brain.

# Environment Setup
To setup an environment using conda that has all the packages you need to run this repository, first install [anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution). If on an a mac, install the intel version rather than the M1 version as some dependancies are not yet updated to support M1 compilation. 

Then open a terminal or Anaconda navigator on windows. Navigate to this repository directory using cd. 

If you are using the repo on the harddrive on windows type 
```
cd 
```
if on a mac open terminal and type

```
cd /Volumes/Brain2022/swdb_2022
```

 and on any platform run

```
conda env create --name swdb2022 --file=environment.yml
```


# Support Policy

We are releasing this code as part of the 2022 Summer Workshop on the Dynamic Brain and will only be supporting and developing it for the context of this workshop. The community is welcome to submit issues, but you should not expect an active response outside of the context of the course.

Copyright 2022 Allen Institute

Commit message:

added instructions for hub and linux

README.md, after:

# SWDB_2022
![SWDB_2022](/resources/cropped-SummerWorkshop_Header.png)

This is the repository for the course materials for the 2022 Summer Workshop on the Dynamic Brain.

# Environment Setup
To setup an environment using conda that has all the packages you need to run this repository, first install [anaconda](https://www.anaconda.com/products/distribution). If on an a mac, install the intel version rather than the M1 version as some dependancies are not yet updated to support M1 compilation. 

Then open a terminal or Anaconda navigator on windows. Navigate to this repository directory using cd. 

If you are using the repo on the harddrive on windows type 
```
cd 
```
if on a mac open terminal and type

```
cd /Volumes/Brain2022/swdb_2022
```
if you are on the hub, you shouldn't need to do anything. If you are on linux this will depend on where you mounted the harddrive, or cloned the repo yourself. 

 and on any platform run

```
conda env create --name swdb2022 --file=environment.yml
```


# Support Policy

We are releasing this code as part of the 2022 Summer Workshop on the Dynamic Brain and will only be supporting and developing it for the context of this workshop. The community is welcome to submit issues, but you should not expect an active response outside of the context of the course.

Copyright 2022 Allen Institute
